And welcome back.
In this section, we'll be going over some
possible quick fixes that you can kind of
initiate to perhaps try to
get your board working again.
So the first problem,
if you have a software issue,
one way to perhaps go about and
correcting this issue is to re-flash
the operating system onto the board.
Often times there might be corrupt images,
or perhaps there were
problems within the software application,
or things that you might have downloaded.
Reflashing the OS onto the board
will give you a new, clean slate.
>> Now if you have hardware issues, one of
the best things to do is kind of just let
the capacitors drain
>> Sometimes this is because you
overcharged your,
>> Mhmm.
>> overcharged your board wipe by
finding a higher voltage than needed.
So, you kind of want to let it
sit there and let it drain.
Maybe like a day and try again later.
Or for some reason this works,
go ahead and take a DC jack and
plug it into the DC jack and just do it in
quick succession like in and out, in and
out and sometimes that's just enough to
get the dragon board running once more.
>> And lastly if none of those
are currently working for
your board, you can always go ahead and
buy a new dragon board,
that will definitely solve the problem.